Resources and description added for jsonwebtoken (#2098)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/107-nodejs-apis/108-jsonwebtoken.md

> # Jsonwebtoken
> JWT, or JSON-Web-Token, is an open standard used to share security information between two parties — a client and a server. Each JWT contains encoded JSON objects, including a set of claims. JWTs are signed using a cryptographic algorithm to ensure that the claims cannot be altered after the token is issued.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# JSON Web Token

JWT, or JSON-Web-Token, is an open standard for sharing security information between two parties — a client and a server. Each JWT contains encoded JSON objects, including a set of claims. JWTs are signed using a cryptographic algorithm to ensure that the claims cannot be altered after the token is issued.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Official Package' colorScheme="blue" href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken'>Package Documentation</BadgeLink>
```
